Yes is tonight delicious Do sports a always just look at it is a video of this shop
Thank you
In that, I get Eve's comment, but it is a very thankful thing
a
In commodity that is reflected on the video a little because it received the questions that say Is that it
I hope to introduce you
We have gotten the questions that first say first on whether I know this
Let's see for a moment
Yes this is a glove for next season
Yes, this is a glove, but it's for Ana's role Juni and children. For pitchers
Do you take a look at the globe is Nechotto Yes here
Good sense of mischief
signature too
That Matsusaka
It is a pro model It becomes an old model so it was not covered in that video
I think I was interested in this particular pitcher model
is this good
It is ia question two eyes this kind of blog Is interested also had a customer that was leaning song
The
Here it is yeah
The 9-a rod model is over 20,000 yen so leather is fine
Although you use or hoh of
In particular, it is it but this I'm kinda in the break-in of customers
I think I was interested because the supply and demand name here is black
Light brown or camel or turn
The following life-saving there to knock down force increases as for so kind of thin skin blog It is the color of the
It will be
So the taste comes out
It feels like this-
Up
It is a staring question yes
Is this good
I also got a question
It is here in the graph
Yes Well few years ago here
tpx so it's abes slipper pink grab yes yes
I faded away with a little consideration
a chat I'm using it or touching it because I can not sell it
It is also a little around here or or disconnect even seismic intensity mercy of this area Yokotojidaburu now in the
Yes you will not toying with or lotion want to he is Hey oil
Bach
Underneath is the middle people feel good but the infield is the hand
Yes ah
Yes I think that you can answer everyone's questions as much as possible
Beneath the Thank you for always? Yes your viewing will How was
Thank you very much from now on
altar
This product is pretty cool too
Fastback with 2 pieces
It's american chic